Extends 'spe container permission list' command. Closes #6726 (#7053)
pnp/cli-microsoft365: docs/docs/cmd/spe/container/container-get.mdx

`-n, --name [name]`
: Display name of the container. Specify either `id` or `name` but not both.

`--containerTypeId [containerTypeId]`
: The container type ID of the container instance. Use either `containerTypeId` or `containerTypeName` but not both.

`--containerTypeName [containerTypeName]`

> : The container type name of the container instance. Use either `containerTypeId` or `containerTypeName` but not both.

Reviewer: I would rather specify that the `containerTypeId` and `containerTypeName` can used only together with the `name`.
```suggestion

`--containerTypeId [containerTypeId]`
: The container type ID of the container instance. Specify either `containerTypeId` or `containerTypeName` when using `name` but not both.

`--containerTypeName [containerTypeName]`
: The container type name of the container instance. Specify either `containerTypeId` or `containerTypeName` when using `name` but not both.
```
